# 2020Sunhacks
hackathon submission
## Inspiration
We wanted to create a solution that allows individual people to become more sustainable. However, things like taking shorter showers really does not make a large enough impact in comparison to industries. Really, almost anything an individual person does is merely a drop compared to the waves that industry is making. Still, there are two main industries where a single person, if they choose not to participate in them, can make a measurable impact on the environment: the meat and fast fashion industries. After learning about the impact of fast fashion from an episode of the Patriot Act, hosted by Hasan Minhaj, we decided to create a website to help bring awareness to fast fashion and support a community countering it. 
## What it does
Our project has three main goals: raise awareness, gamify sustainability, and create an environmentally conscious community. We start with helping you take stock of what you have in your closet: how many articles of clothing you have, what companies you bought them from, what countries they were made in, what materials make them up and in what percentage. Based on these stats, you will be assigned a sustainability score for your closet. You will also gain points by completing sustainability challenges like upcycling your clothes, buying clothes secondhand, boycotting certain brands, or wearing under 30 garments over a week. You can spend these points on extra entries for clothing giveaways that people post as an more reliable alternative to donating to larger charities that often will throw your clothes into the trash. 
